                Basic Interview questions        

Q.1- What is differences between c , c++ and java?
         C                                       

1.It is a procedural                    
language
2.It is platform dependent
3.It executes code directly
4.It support union and structures
5.It support Pointers
6.It has 32 Keywords.
7.It follow top down approach
It is static programming language
  
            C++

1.It is object-oriented                    
language
2.It is platform dependent
3.It executes code directly
4.It support union and structures
5.It support Pointers
6.It has 60 Keywords.
7.It follow top down approach
It is also a static programming language

              JAVA

1.It is a pure object oriented                    
language
2.It is platform independent bcz of byte code
3.It executes code by JVM
4.It doesn't support union and structures
5.It doesn't support Pointers bcz of security
6.It has 32 Keywords.
7.It follow bottom up approach
It is dynamic programming language

Q.2- What is string in java?

Generally string is a sequence of characters.but in java string is an object that represnts a sequence of characters.The java.lang.String class is used to create string object.
There are two ways to create String object.
1.By string literal
2.By new keyword.

Q.3-What are the OOPS Concept in java
There are 6 ooops concept in java.

1. OBJECT-Any entity that has an state and behavior is known as object. It is an instance of classs.It can be physical and logical.

2.CLASS-It is a logical entity.It cant be physical.
It is a blueprint from which you can create an individual object.
Class doesnt contain any space.

3.INHERITANCE-It is an entity that enherits properties from it parent class.
or when one object acquires all the properties and behaviours of its parent class.It provides code reusability.It provide run time polymorphism.

4.POLYMORPHISM- When one task is performed in different ways.
We use method overloading and method overriding to achieve polymorphism.

5.ABSTARCTION- Hiding the internal details and show functionality to user
Example - Phone call,we dont know the internal details 
We use abstract class and interface to achieve abstraction.

6.ENCAPSULATION- Binding or (Wrapping code) and  data together into single unit is known as encapsulation
Example -CAPSULE...It is a combination of different medicines.
Java class is the example of encapsualtion.

